README.md, before:

# pylint-import-restriction

Pylint plugin to help enforce separation of concerns through import restrictions.

## Installation

Install the module with e.g. `poetry add --group dev pylint_import_restriction`.

## Usage
In your Pylint configuration (e.g. in `pyproject.toml`) add the following:
```
[tool.pylint.MAIN]
load-plugins = "pylint_import_restriction"
import-restriction="module_visited->module_import_restriction;module2_visited->restriction\\..*"
```
The restrictions configured as part of `import-restriction` setting, and as represented above take the following shape - `module_visited -> import_restriction`
- `module_visited`: The module which is presently being looked at. This could be a RegEx in order to capture several modules.
- `->`: The separator denoting the module being investigated (on the left), and the restricted imports (on the right)
- `import_restriction`: The module which is restricted from being imported within the module being investigated. This could be a RegEx in order to capture several modules.
- `;`: This separator can be used to list out restrictions for more than one module or more than one group of modules, e.g.: `module_visited -> import_restriction; module2 -> restriction2; ...`

Commit message:

Update config restriction to list

README.md, after:

# pylint-import-restriction

Pylint plugin to help enforce separation of concerns through import restrictions.

## Installation

Install the module with e.g. `poetry add --group dev pylint_import_restriction`.

## Usage
In your Pylint configuration (e.g. in `pyproject.toml`) add the following:
```
[tool.pylint.MAIN]
load-plugins = "pylint_import_restriction"
import-restriction= [
    "module_visited->module_import_restriction",
    "module2_visited -> restriction\\..*"
]
```
The restrictions configured as part of `import-restriction` setting, and as represented above take the following shape - `module_visited -> import_restriction`
- `module_visited`: The module which is presently being looked at. This could be a RegEx in order to capture several modules.
- `->`: The separator denoting the module being investigated (on the left), and the restricted imports (on the right). You can optionally add spaces around it for clarity.
- `import_restriction`: The module which is restricted from being imported within the module being investigated. This could be a RegEx in order to capture several modules.
